# September Update

Not much going on the last couple of weeks.  Fish seem to be doing well
in QT.  Today is about the half way mark for them.  Copper has been
stead at 2.50 PPM (+/- 0.03) and MetroPlex is being dosed every other
day.  There is only a week of MetroPlex left to dose, but the stuff is
used up quickly.  I bought two bottles and will likely run out of the
second by the time the week is over.  I already put an order in to get
more and need to start looking online to see if they sell them larger
than the five-gram bottles on amazon.

The DT is also looking good.  It will have a little longer to go before
the fish are ready to be added back (should be ready by the end of
October), but I still have treatment to do in the QT prior to the fish
being ready.  I’ve seen slow drops in Phosphates and Nitrates but still
see algae on the front glass that needs to be cleaned.  Not nearly as
much as I had in the past though.  I can get away without cleaning the
glass for 2-3 days now.  I was a mandatory daily routine.  The water
also looks pristine.  I’m not running any carbon and it looks the
clearest it ever has.

Something seems to have spooked the GSP again.  It is completely closed
and looks dead.  Last time this happened, it came back stronger than
ever.  I need to do some additional research to see if this is a normal
occurrence or what could be causing this.  All the other coral seem fine
and all the inverts are loving life.  The cleaner shrimp has become very
sociable, coming over to greet me when I’m near the tank.  I’ve been
ghost feeding some Rods Food every three days or so.

I did notice a bacterial bloom in the QT a few days ago.  Water looked
very cloudy.  There was a recommendation to get a Marineland Canister
Filter.  Its been running for a couple days now and the water does look
better, but not 100%.  I’m going to keep an eye on it and see if there
is anything else, I need to add to the filter to help clear up the
water.  What’s nice, is that the filter came with carbon and a container
for the carbon.  So, when I need to remove the copper, this will be an
easy way to run carbon and get those copper levels down quickly.

As the fish get closer to completing the copper treatment, I’ll post
another update.  Until then, stay safe and Happy Reefing!
