# Mid-August Update

We went on a short family vacation earlier in the week, which is why I
wasn’t able to post anything earlier.  The tank is still looking good
and I was able to get some better pictures of the new fish.  I was
thinking back about what took place since the last post, and while
nothing major took place, there were a few developments.

First off, I received the media reactor I ordered from BSR.  I decided
to run carbon (ROX 0.8) and GFO together even though its not ideal.
From everything I read, the main drawback is that one can last longer
than the other and by combining them you “waste” some of the media.
That’s not a huge concern for me though.  I also read that they each
require different flow rates, but I think I was able to find a happy
medium that seems to be working just fine.

Another thing I read, was that GFO works too well.  Many people were
saying not to follow the instructions on how much to use, but to start
with a quarter or half of that amount and test from there.  I ended up
using ¼ cup GFO and ½ cup carbon to play it safe.  My phosphates came
down from 0.30 to an average of 0.15 over the last week.  I’m not trying
to chase the 0.03 phosphate level as that is way too small a buffer, but
I would like to get it closer to the 0.10 mark.  When I change the
media, I will likely add another 1/8 cup of GFO and adjust the carbon
appropriately.  I’d rather make minor changes and test then make a large
change and drop the levels to 0.00.

I also bought a silicone mat and cut some pieces to put under the pumps
in the sump.  The return pump in particular was giving off a lot of
noise, mainly due to the vibration it was causing.  The mat helped quiet
it down quite a bit, although you can still hear it.  Eventually I will
get a DC return pump, but this seems to be working well in regards to
the overall noise.

A couple days ago, the Blue Tang gave us a scare.  She was really
wedging herself in-between rocks and scratching herself constantly.
Later that night we noticed white spots all over her.  We were worried
it was ich as they are prone to get it and we don’t have a quarantine
system set up.  However, the next day, most of the spots were gone or
drastically faded.  Something is still making her itch though so we are
not sure if its some type of parasite or if there is ich in the tank.
We increased feeding nori to every day instead of every other day and
did the same with the selcon supplement.  She’s swimming and eating fine
(she eats a TON), so we will just keep an eye on her.

I’ve also been doing a lot of research on quarantine (QT) tanks and the
proper way to go about the process.  I’m torn at this point if I should
start quarantining new fish as if ich is already in the display tank,
it’s really too late to do anything about it.  However, I don’t want to
introduce anything else into the tank which may not be there already.

I’m also reading differing opinions on the idea of QT itself.  Most
people seem to swear by it.  Others equate it to what we are currently
going through with our COVID quarantines.  By reducing, or eliminating,
all “germs” from the environment, our immune systems are not as strong,
thus making us more susceptible to illness.  Personally, I’m not sure
how I feel about this yet and never quarantined any fish, be it
freshwater or saltwater.  But the more I read about things like velvet,
which will wipe your entire tank, the more I’m leaning towards setting
up a QT system to at least observe the new fish, even if I don’t start
treatment Day 1.

Lastly, we’ve lost four of the six large snails we picked up the other
week.  I’m not sure why they aren’t doing well in the tank.  We haven’t
lost any of the smaller snails since we introduced them.  I don’t know
if there is something wrong in the water causing them to die or if there
simply is not enough food in the tank and they are starving.  I would
think the later to be unlikely as I’m still cleaning a good layer of
algae off the glass on a daily basis and the dry rocks, that I
originally used in the tank, still have a green coating to them.  At
this point, I don’t know if I should add any more CUC.  If the LFS gets
some trochus snails in stock, I may pick up a half dozen as I’d like to
move to all trochus with the nassarius snails for the sand.  The snails
fall off the rock and glass too much and I’m in the tank flipping them
over the right way on a daily basis.  Trochus snails are able to flip
themselves so it would be a lot easier to manage.

I lost count of how many snails and hermit crabs we’ve added to the tank
so far, but I’m going to try to count what is in there.  I know the old
rule of one snail and one crab per gallon is overkill, especially in a
new tank.  I was shooting towards one clean-up crew (be it snail or
crab) per gallon, but now I’m not sure if that is too much as well.
I’ve seen a couple hermit crabs ripped from their shells so again, I’m
not sure if they died from something in the water or a lack of food
(although again, I overfeed the tank so I don’t think that would be it),
or if they were killed by another crab for their shell.  I need to order
some empty shells to add to the tank so they have something to grow
into.

Happy Reefing!
