# DIY Mesh Top

I never liked the idea of glass tops on saltwater tanks.  Especially
reef tanks.  With the water surface always moving, too much water gets
splashed up on the underside of the glass and it effects the way the
light looks over time.  However, I also don't want to lose any fish if
they decide to go for a jump.

I saw some videos on DIY mesh tops and they seemed interesting.  Keep
fish in the tank and really eliminate any light loss.  Around the same
time, Bulk Reef Supply put out a video on their DIY kit.  I had to order
two of them for my tank.

These are not as easy to put together as they make it out to be (they
have older videos where they actually assemble it).  I did get a hacksaw
and the miter box, which certainly made the job easier.  However, the
new corner connections are wider than some of the original ones from a
video I found that was five years old, so all my cuts were off.  Once I
made the necessary corrections, I was still off by a millimeter and had
to cut them down once again.

Once cut, the frame itself is simple to put together.  The mesh though
was another story.  Luckily, I had more than enough mesh as it took my
three tries to get it where it was somewhat taught and looked decent.  I
made the second one today and the process was much easier.

I also had to cut the frame down by about a half inch to make room for
the power chords for the power heads.  Doing so also gives me just
enough room to easily lift them up when I need to feed the fish or get
into the tank.

Also, test kits came today!  Phosphates are still high at 0.43 but
nitrate looks good.  The nitrate test is one of those color matching
ones, but it seems to be between 2.5-5.  I'm going to call the LFS to
see what they say about the phosphates.  They were over 1.0, so it's
certainly an improvement.
