# October Saltwater Reef Tank Update

## 75 GALLON DISPLAY

The display tank has never looked so good. The fallow period ends in a
few days, but I will extend it a few weeks to ensure any remaining
parasites die while the fish complete their quarantine.

The water is crystal clear. Clearer than when I was running carbon. This
may be in part because of the tank maturing (4 months 6 days old) and in
part to the lower bio-load from being fishless. Once a week I feed Rod’s
Food to get the corals some additional nutrition.

Jacques, the cleaner shrimp, has become the star of the tank. He has
also developed quite the personality. He is often in full view instead
of hiding behind the rock. He also watches me as much as I watch him and
will follow me around the tank as I move around it.

The primary concern while going fallow was that the sand sifting
starfish would not have enough food in the sand substrate. I tried to
spot feed him raw clams, but he would not take the food and Jacques
would come over and take the clam from the forceps. Despite the lower
bio-load, the starfish seems to still have enough food in the sand
substrate to keep him alive and well.

## 37 GALLON QT

October 11th marked the end of the copper treatment for the remaining
clownfish and wrasse. I added carbon to the canister filter, Cuprisorb
in a media bag in the filter, and two 25% water changes took place. This
brought the copper levels from 2.5 PPM to just under 0.9 PPM in about a
week.

Despite the copper levels not being at zero, additional research
confirmed that the next phase of treatment (de-worming) could take
place. About a week ago, I added the first dose of PraziPro to the tank
and the fish food began being mixed with medication to kill any internal
parasites.

This phase of treatment only lasts two weeks and will finish on
Halloween at the end of the month. Once all treatment is over, the fish
will stay in the quarantine tank for another week for observation. Water
changes will take place at least twice to clean the water prior to the
transfer back to the display tank. During this time, I will also lower
the temperature of the display tank to normal levels (I raised the
temperature to minimize the fallow period).

## 10 GALLON NANO

Yes, there is a new tank. Over the last few weeks, two of the clownfish
became aggressive to the third. My prior research stated to keep
clownfish alone or in pairs. This is because two clownfish will pair
with one becoming the female. If there are over two clownfish in the
tank, the pair typically becomes aggressive to the outsider.

When we purchased the clownfish, the sales associate asked why we didn’t
want three fish. I explained what I learned about their behavior that
eventually it would become a problem. However, he assured us that since
these were captive breed fish, the aggression would not become an issue.
He told us how he has three clownfish in his personal tank and had no
issues.

We agreed to get three. As soon as I posted pictures on some fish
forums, the replies started coming in how I would have issues with three
clownfish. At that point it was too late, there were three of them and
they seemed to get along just fine.

Fast forward to a few weeks ago and the problem started. I noticed the
outcast clownfish on the opposite side of the tank at first. Then I
noticed the other two chasing him away if he came close to them. This
quickly escalated to the two clownfish attacking the third all day long.
They would dart across the tank to attack him. The beat up clownfish
eventually found a tight hiding space in the back of the canister
filter. The two caught on and nipped at him there.

This was around the time the copper treatment was ending. The clownfish
didn’t look good at all. His color was fading, and we thought he was
dead a couple times. He was missing parts of his fins and had what
looked like bruises and cuts on his body.

To save him, I quickly put together a 10 gallon tank that I previously
purchased to be a smaller quarantine tank. I added live sand and a
bio-cube from the main display tank, covered in beneficial bacteria, to
cycle the tank. A piece of dry rock was also added to supply additional
surface area for the bacteria to grow.

I moved the beat up clownfish to the smaller tank where we could really
see how bad he looked. His color was fading. Half its tail was missing.
His fins had chunks missing from them. What looked like a laceration was
across one side of his body.

Luckily, the move seemed to have saved him. He is eating and seems to be
on his way to recovery. We will keep him in this tank and will keep the
tank in the office where I can enjoy it during the day while I am
working. I’ll add some additional rock to the tank and eventually add
some coral.

## NEXT STEPS

After I move the two clownfish and wrasse back to the display tank, I
need to do some additional research on the best method to clean the
quarantine tank. Hopefully, I won’t need to empty it completely.
However, the algae is getting out of hand.

The kids really want another Dori (blue tang). All new fish will go
through quarantine and I will treat them with the same treatment plan
used for the existing fish. As the quarantine will take place in a
larger 37 gallon tank, I may also get another royal gramma and
quarantine them at the same time.

Once the new fish are in quarantine, I will post an update on how all
the tanks are doing. Until then... Happy Reefing!
