# Weekly Update

Not much going on this week.  After running Phos-Guard for another four
days, phosphates only went down from 0.45 to 0.41.  There is more green
algea on the rock and there are some diatoms on the sand.  I mixed some
fresh salt water for a 10 gallon water change today and I'm just waiting
for the temperature of the water to increase a little before performing
my weekly maintenance (I shouldn't have turned off the heater last night
in my mixing tank).

I'll test the phosphates again mid-week to see where they are and maybe
run another bag of Phos-Guard.  Eventually I would like to run a
GFO/Carbon combination, but I keep reminding my self that the tank is
only about six weeks old.  While I did almost insta-cycle it with the
live rock, these systems need a LONG time to mature still.  As long as
the phosphates don't rise, I may just let it play out as the fish and
coral seem to be doing fine.

In regards to coral, I really wish I was able to afford better lighting
at the start. But again, the tank really needs to stabilize more before
I can even attempt to put anything but the hardiest of corals in there.

Other than that, I've been watching a ton of videos on potential fish to
add next as well as different build series from various YouTubers.  I've
been learning a ton and have some ideas on future projects.  DIY King's
channel has been great to learn how easy it is to build some simple (but
very stable and powerful) tank stands.  I've even got some ideas on
making some DIY shelving for the garage and finally fixing that up a
bit.

Depending on how the week goes, we may add some more fish next week or I
may give it another two weeks.  We need more snails as there is plenty
for them to eat now.  As for the fish, I'm pretty sure we are going to
get some type of wrasse and a royal gramma.  I'd love a red wrasse, but
I've been doing research on specific wrassses and their pros and cons.
And ultimately, I'll need to see what the LFS has in stock as I don't
want to order them online.
