# New Fish

Had a fun trip to the LFS with the family.  Came home with some new pets
and a bunch of new clean-up crew.  So far everything is doing good,
although one fish is shy and still hiding out.

First up, we got some monster snails.  These things are HUGE!  Actually,
a little too big.  I may trade some of them for some smaller trochus
snails from a local reefer in my reef club.  Also picked up some more
hermit crabs.  I'm getting to the point where I'm getting comfortable
with the CUC.  Although I think I will need a little more in a month or
so, after that it will probably just be replacing them as they die.

I also picked up a sand sifting starfish.  Kinda regretting that
purchase.  They do a great job cleaning up the sand bed.  In most cases,
too good a job...  They quickly run out of food and starve to death.
Especially on a new tank like mine.  I got some feedback on how to spot
feed them clams to keep them full and I'm going to give that a try.
Also looking for a new home for him as it was just a bad purchase and I
should have done more research before I bought it.

As for fish, we got a timor wrasse and a royal gramma.  They are both
very small and the gramma is still hiding but did pop out yesterday when
I fed them.  Looking forward to tonight's feeding to see if she comes
out more.  Also picked up some nori and a magnetic clip for it but the
tangs don't seem interested in it at all.  I'll keep it in there until I
feed tonight and see if they go near it.

When the gramma comes out I'll get some pics to share.  Regarding the
plumbing, I had to redo the drain pipes two or three times.  Each time
things were just slightly off causing small leaks.  I think I have it
figured out now and there is just the smallest amount of water coming
from the sump bulkhead (where the pipe meets the bulkhead).  I think I
may have damaged the bulkhead when going through my many iterations.
Gonna order a new bulkhead just to be safe.

Happy Reefing!
