# Fish in QT

Another reason to quarantine your fish...  You’ll never need to break a
tank down to try getting all of them out of it! It was an ordeal, but
all the fish are now in QT. I have a spreadsheet to track what I need to
dose each day and the parameters I need to keep. 

It seems like the Royal Gramma died though. It’s been “missing” for
about a week now. But that is normal behavior for some of them. They
like to hide. I took every rock out of the tank, shifted around the sand
and broke down the sump (also checked the overflow). No signs of her
anywhere. From what I’m reading online, the cleanup crew can make a
quick meal of a fish in no time and not leave any evidence. I’m assuming
that’s what happened. No clue what she may have died from, but probably
one more reason to QT and go fallow. 

The fish ate some pellets a couple hours after being moved. The blue
tang is just playing dead and hiding. The yellow tang doesn’t look too
good. Swimming weird at the top of the tank and breathing heavily. I
hope this move and treatment doesn’t kill them. 

I tried giving them freeze dried mysis soaked in selcon and fresh
saltwater but they didn’t touch it. I was told I can feed nori, but to
soak it in RODI water as the copper will give it a bad taste. I wonder
if that’s what happened to the freeze dried mysis. For now I’ll stick to
Nori and pellets. 

Since all the rocks came out of the tank, I have a new aquascape. I like
this layout more as it gives a lot more space for corals. I think I need
a couple more pieces of rock though to fill it out. 

The Kenya Tree isn’t looking good either. Hopefully it opens back up in
the morning. For now the cleaner shrimp is the king of the tank! I’ll
slowly raise the temperature to 80.6 F and then start the six week
fallow period. 

Hopefully come mid-November everything is back in the display tank and
healthier than ever. I may get another gramma to QT in the 10 gallon so
she can be added to the display with the other fish. 

I’ll try to get another update by the end of the week. 

Happy Reefing!
