# Plumbing Update!

Last week I mentioned how loud the dorso drain was.  It was obnoxiously
loud.  From everything I read online, the main issue was that the return
was sending more water to the display than the dorso could drain back
into the sump.  This would cause the water level in the overflow to rise
and the siphon would break.  A trip to Home Depot and a couple hours
later and the tank is nice and silent!

Home Depot Haul The 20 feet of PVC proved to be overkill as I only used
about 3.5 feet for the entire project.  Its nice to have some spare PVC
and fittings lying around though in the event they are ever needed.  It
was a great learning exercise and I only messed up once.

When dry fitting the PVC, you really don't get a good connection.  I
didn't realize there was a full inch that would need to be added to
either end for the fitting connection.  My first attempt didn't work out
that well, but thankfully I had ordered spare parts knowing I was bound
to screw something up :)

I thought I would be able to have a straight pipe to the drain.  The way
the sump is positioned though it didn't work out as originally planned.
Again, luckily I ordered extra fittings in case they were needed and
with two 45s I was able to make the drain.

I didn't take many pictures of plumbing the return, but it wasn't that
bad.  A lot of measuring, dry fitting, and just figuring things out
overall.  I cut all the pipe a little longer than I thought I needed as
its easier to just take a little more off than scrap and entire piece
because its too small.

I had to restrict the flow a lot more than I thought I would to silent
the dorso.  But once I got it tuned in, the water line doesn't move at
all and its nice and quiet.  You can tell from the picture above that
the return line was sagging.  It wasn't that bad but it was putting
pressure on the bulkhead and caused a small leak.  I cut another piece
of flex tube for the return and made it a little longer.  I also cut a
piece of PVC as a temporary support beam until I figure out a more
permanent solution.  This seemed to do the job though and the leak
stopped.

I keep checking for additional leaks and so far I do notice some water
after 10-15 minutes in one location.  It seems to be coming from the
union on the drain.  I took it apart, dried it all off and reconnected
it.  So far I don't see anything but I'll keep an eye on it.  Hopefully
it doesn't leak anymore or maybe the O-Ring isn't seated properly.

Other than that everything seems great.  We will likely take a trip to
the LFS tomorrow for some additional clean-up crew and get the water
tested.  Maybe we'll come home with a fish or two and a frag or two :)

Happy Reefing!
