# QT Update

Not too much to talk about this past week.  It was mainly spent getting
both the Display Tank (DT) and Quarantine Tank (QT) where they needed to
be to officially start the timers.  Over the course of the week I slowly
raised the temperature of the DT to 80.6.  This will cut the fallow
(fishless) period from 90 days to six weeks.  The timer officially
started yesterday and the tank should be ready for fish again on October
26th.

The rest of the fish seem to be doing well in QT.  The clowns are always
out, swimming and looking to be fed.  The wrasse hides in the sand for
days and I end up poking him when I try to clean the sand.  The copper
levels were raised from 1.0 to 2.5 PPM over the week and the 30-day
treatment also started yesterday.

I also gave the QT a makeover.  I received some feedback that having the
back and side of the glass painted black help reduce the stress on the
fish.  The next time the tank is empty, I will paint the back, side and
bottom.  For now, I picked up the black background at PetSmart and
tapped it on.  I also was told that having some fake plants and/or coral
also help alleviate the stress as it gives additional places to hide.
They do seem happier and the tank is a lot nicer to look at now ðŸ˜Š

I started dosing MetroPlex today, which covers some additional
parasites, and will need to add more every other day for three weeks.
On October 11th, the fish should be free of any free-swimming parasites
and Iâ€™ll just need to spend a couple weeks de-worming them of any
internal parasites.  Iâ€™d love to have these fish and a Blue Tang and
Yellow Tang replacement in the DT for Christmas.  Iâ€™ll need to map out
how long QT would take for the tangs though to see if weâ€™d make it.

I also had to perform a 25% water change as the ammonia levels started
to rise.  Water changes are a pain when treating with copper as the
copper level cannot be diluted with the fresh salt water.  Therefore, I
had to dose the fresh salt water with copper and get the levels the same
as the QT before adding it.  And as you need to ensure there is no
cross-contamination between things that touch the QT and DT, I had to
make a trip to HomeDepot for more 5-gallon buckets.

I will still try to post weekly updates, but not too much is really
going on.  Itâ€™s just a waiting game at this point.

Happy Reefing
