# End of August Update

I’ve been learning a lot about phosphates and how GFO works this week. I
won’t pretend to know it all, but basically it sounds like the argon in
the GFO will pull out phosphates to the point it is in equilibrium with
the phosphates in the tank. Or at least that is where it likes to be.
So, if you were at .2 ppm and started running a lot of GFO, you may very
well get it down to .05 or lower fairly quickly. However, at some point
the argon will start releasing the phosphates back into the tank to try
to get that .1 equilibrium (half of the original .2 in the water column
and the other half in the argon). It sounds like the suggestion when
trying to lower phosphates is to use a small amount and change it every
few days. I learned this after noticing the phosphates rising again and
switching out with another (slightly larger) mid of carbon and GFO.

The latest change brought my phosphates from around 0.15 to 0.08 after
only a couple of days. If they start to rise again quickly, I’ll need to
make another change and basically wasted all that carbon.

I also noticed a fresh algae outbreak. All the rocks had a bright green
coating on them. I tested nitrates and they were higher than usual. Hard
to tell the exact ppm as the tests are so difficult to read. However, I
change my filter socks twice a week and do a weekly 10-gallon water
change so that hopefully brings those levels back down.

This image has an empty alt attribute; its file name is
img_3043edited.jpg Full Tank Shot I also ordered 100 feet of RODI tubing
and rearranged my mixing station. I had my RODI storage next to the sink
in a nice spot. However, the main vent from out central air system ran
right over it and water would condensate on the vent and drip down on
the storage container. I kept a lid on it at all times, but it was an
issue waiting to happen. It was also in a spot a little crammed and it
was difficult to move water from that container to the salt water mixing
container.

They are now right next to each other and I have a power strip right
there to plug everything in. I need to run a new GFI outlet and get some
lighting in the corner of the basement, but it’s already much easier to
get my saltwater ready for my weekly water changes.

This image has an empty alt attribute; its file name is img_3073.jpg New
Water Station Besides the rock being green, the tank looks great. The
carbon is keeping the water crystal clear. Dori continues to get a ton
of white spots every few days, which go away within two days. I caught
her at the cleaning shrimps cleaning station a few times so it seems it
some type of parasite that keeps coming back.

If I could do it all over again, I would likely quarantine all my fish.
I’m torn if I should start it now though for new fish. Whatever is
already in the tank is in there. The only thing I would be preventing is
something like velvet, which could wipe out the entire tank.

Due to COVID, this year’s MACNA Conference was virtual. Today is the
last day and I hope to get to listen to a few of the speakers before we
head out for the day. The last couple days had some interesting panels
and speakers on all types of marine aquarium topics.

Another tank development, my Kenya Tree continues to propagate. My one
frag turned into three colonies and I watched another branch fall off
last night. I don’t want it to overtake my tank so I removed the branch
that fell off and removed one of the new colonies that recently
connected to the rock.

This image has an empty alt attribute; its file name is img_2872.jpg
Kenya Tree I also started seeing coraline algae on the power heads and
the back of the tank. That basically means that the tank is healthy
enough to support corals with calcium skeletons. Always a good sign and
a look I personally like.

Happy Reefing
