# Ich...

So, like most things in my life, I need to learn things the hard way.
The Blue Tang continues to go through cycles where he looks like crap
and has white spots all over him.  I knew it wasn’t Velvet as that would
have killed the entire tank already.  I didn’t think it was Ich as it
would come and go.

After doing additional research and posting pictures on some forums, the
consensus was that he has Ich, and there may be other parasites in the
tank along with it.  The Yellow Tang and the Gramma have been itching a
lot lately.  I saw a couple white spots on the Gramma the other day, but
it seemed to go away the next day.

From what I’ve learned, Ich, in the early stages, can come and go.  They
are basically hooking onto the fish, laying eggs and dying.  Once those
eggs hatch, the cycle continues.  This is why it seems to come and go.
However, after a while, all the parasites get on different schedules, so
there are constantly eggs being laid, eggs hatching, new parasites
attaching to the fish, and old parasites dying.  This is when the Ich
and the spots don’t disappear and just continue to get worse until it
kills the fish.

Humble Fish has an amazing website and community.  He actually responded
directly to my post and gave me specific feedback and advice.  I ordered
a quarantine tank, medication and everything that I need to quarantine
all the fish.  I also need to keep the tank fallow (fishless) for at
least six weeks to ensure all parasites in the display tank are gone.

In addition to Ich, it is very possible there are other parasites in the
tank as well based on some of the fish behavior.  The clownfish also
have stringy white poop, which is usually an indicator or in intestinal
parasite.  I’ll be treating for everything possible.

I’ll go in to details on my quarantine plan tomorrow and will document
every step along the way.  I’ve learned so much already and I’m sure I
will learn a lot more during this process.
