# Introducing Dory and Lily (and some frags)

Went to our LFS to have our water parameters checked once again.
Phosphates are still a little high, in line with what I'm getting from
my Hanna tester.  Picked up another bag of Phos-Guard and we'll see
where that gets it down to.

We got the green light from the owner to add two tangs to the tank.  He
suggested adding them together as they can be aggressive towards each
other once one has staked its territory.  They were both in the same
display tank as well, so we figured they already got along :)

He also told us adding more coral would help with the parameters.  I've
been researching what else to add as my lighting is not nearly adequate
for any LPS or SPS, so its really just hardy softies for now.  Picked up
a Finger Leather and a Toadstool frag.

Also got some more cleanup crew.  About seven nassarius snails, seven
more hermits, a peppermint shrimp and a blue tuxedo urchin.  Next on the
list is going to be a cucumber to help keep the sand clean.  Every
couple of weeks I'll keep adding CUC until I'm where I think I should
be.  Many people say one snail and hermit per gallon, but I think that
may be overkill.  I'm shooting for about 75 total CUC and I'll see where
I need to go from there.

Also did some tank maintenance today.  I replaced the three foot drain
hose with a two foot hose  so it doesn't sink down and make that
constant gurgling noise.  Cleaned the filter sock (try to do that 2x a
week) and performed the entire water change from the sump for the first
time as I didn't want to disturb the new pets 24 hours after introducing
them.

Bad news is that I found a small drip coming from the hole where the
return line goes.  I posted the video on Reef2Reef to see how serious it
is and how to fix it.  I also need to do some research on how to
properly clean the power heads as I'd like to get in the habit of doing
that once a month.

I'm really enjoying the new aquascape.  The blue tang (Dory) has a cave
it loves to hide in when its not darting back and forth in the front of
the tank.  The yellow tang (Lily) has a spot in the back she likes to
hang out in, but the large opening in the rock work gives us access to
view her still.

I need suggestions on what other fish to add.  I want a wrasse to help
eat the various micro organisms that can cause trouble in a tank.  Also
want a sand sifting goby, but have heard mixed things on how easy they
are to keep.

Update on leak - Some forum users pointed out that sometimes loosening
the lock-nut and re-tightening it to find the sweet spot takes care of
the drip (seems to be a common problem).  Well when I went to loosen it,
it flew open lol.  A little bit of a mess to clean up but nothing major.
I was able to tighten it more than it was before and it seems to have
taken care of the drip.  I'll keep an eye on it though to make sure
there are no additional problems.
